Welcome all to Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics and the NerdMelt Theater.
Thank you so much for coming.
Give yourselves a warm, warm and grace.
We've been off for a week and we have a very large crowd tonight.
It's very exciting.
Will you please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Probably a special night for some of you.
Some people are probably here out of town for Communicon.
Oh, that's what this is all about.
It makes you wonder, would there just be 12 people here if it weren't for that?
We usually have a healthy-sized crowd, but certainly a lot of people are here.
Communicon was our second year of having a community convention over at the Embassy Suites in Glendale.
Not our second year there.
Do you think that you guys are on pace for six seasons?
Well, as much as we were first season, everybody always asks that,
like, do you think you guys don't, you think this and don't you think that?
It's like, this show has been on the chopping block since its first episode.
At what point do you just throw up your hands and go, obviously, it's going to be on the air for 20 years
or can die at any time.
You just kind of embrace it.
It's the show represents the human condition.
It's kind of a weird mudskipper of a show because it's, you know, you wonder like,
just put yourself in the mind of Donald Glover, incredibly talented,
who rang his soul dry into that show.
But I definitely know that he did not leave because he thought,
oh, I'm going to go make a bunch of money.
But a kid like Donald, like as talented as Donald was,
and for the amount of work that he did on that show, 15 years earlier,
like, can you imagine, like he would have left the set of community at the end of an episode taping in season two
and he would have gone out to the parking lot and a Sony exec would have been like,
Donald, hey, and there would have been a Porsche.
Just want to let you know your contract's up for renewal.
Like, here you go.
Like, I mean, it's the shit changed, the climate changed.
And what was my point?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, community, like, to make it into your fifth season is fucking hard.
And to make it into your fifth season, now you just do it crawling on your belly over glass.
Now you just do it, like, you make it to the end of the fifth season and at the end of it,
people are just going like, yeah, you're welcome.
Like, no, nobody, there is no ticker tape.
There's no, except for these kids, there's ticker tape from them.
But like you say, like back in the old days, like, you know, like, and I don't mean to sound corny,
but really before 9-11, like, when your show made it.
That's true.
That's the first time, that's the first time.
The use of 9-11 has been characterized as corny.
I don't mean to sound old-fashioned.
Corny?
Oh, that old, that old chestnut.
There was a time when, like, there was a thing called holding deals.
Like you say, like, actors got like a half a million dollars to not work.
Just so they were stuck to a network or a studio.
And also, like, when, like, ER got picked up in the second season,
all the cast walked out and they all had brand new Porsches, like you say.
Do any shows get that? Does like Big Bang Theory get the cars?
Well, I'm sure Big Bang Theory gets all, yeah.
I mean, that's an actual profitable, like, actual thing.
Like, I don't know.
You'd have to, I mean, you know, we should have Bill Pradeon.
He's the showrunner for Big Bang Theory and ostensibly my nemesis,
but we like each other and I should have him come up here
and talk about what it's like to run Big Bang Theory,
because I'm constantly cursing it like the Red Baron.
But it would be interesting to know what it's like to work over there.
And I know, yeah, I have no idea.
I'd be speaking way outside my jurisdiction.
I just know that in general, you know, God, there was, you know,
when I was a kid watching TV, there was three networks.
Just three.
And then there was your local UHF station with some yahoo like Jim Henson
doing some weird shit on it,
because he hit the bricks with a suitcase full of tapes of Kermit the Frog
and said, can we do this syndicated?
But there was three networks.
And those three networks basically cooperated.
So it was like, battle of the network stars.
It was Scott Mayo fighting the Hulk on a high wire.
Everything was just a big fuck you to the consumer.
It was like, what are you going to take your business elsewhere? It's a talking car.
Plus the chick's hot. Fuck off.
Which also created the classic television.
I miss Sherwood Schwartz in Gilligan's Island,
because that motherfucker didn't care what he needed to do.
He wanted you to watch that show.
The Harlem Globetrotters are on the island tonight.
Well, that's the interesting thing.
That's good.
In the age of the three networks, you had Mary Tyler Moore,
who created this collective of creatives.
That little kitty cat, meow.
That's an MTM.
That's Mary Tyler Moore, who, like Charlie Chaplin before her,
created a collective of artists.
Her whole goal was to say, we're the creatives.
We need to be able to swing a heavier dick than these rich people
who just pay to do nothing.
And at the same time as her, Norman Lear,
the time of total monopolization,
there was more conscientiousness,
more creative passion on the part of some of these people.
That's the odd thing.
But the fragmentation of all this media,
you would not be able to have a Breaking Bad
on network TV in 1980, obviously,
for obvious reasons,
because there's 25 million people watching,
possibly if you're the lowest-rating show,
the rate-rated show.
So there's no way anyone's going to green-light Breaking Bad
in 1980.
So you get, who cares?
Let's move on to something else.
I took a poop the other day.
Go on.
You want to know about TV? Google TV. Jesus Christ.
I'm sure there's stuff on the internet about TV.
What am I talking about?
This is a big jackass talking about TV.
I took the biggest poop.
You cannot find that on Google.
I don't care. You can Google it all you want.
Big poop.
I didn't really take a big poop.
I was kidding.
Don't tease us like that, man.
You know what I was kind of interested in doing,
because it was the first time that, you know,
the community fans are here.
I don't doubt that a lot of Harmontown attendees
are probably, I don't kid myself.
I'm sure the only reason they're here
is because they watch community.
But at the same time, there is a division.
There's like a, you know, there's Harmontown fans,
and there's community fans,
and there's a big old Venn diagram cleavage in the middle.
But there's also separation,
like a huge community fan.
Arguably, the biggest community fan in the world
would have a huge reason to be like,
fuck Dan Harmon.
Fuck that guy.
And I would see, you know, every once in a while,
I open my mouth, and I say something in a subcomment
of this comment section on Reddit.
Like, for instance, I care about my show,
and I think it's stupid when people tell me it sucks
and they can eat poop and fuck off and die.
Like, and here's how that makes me feel,
because I'm a human being that has a heartbeat
and is going to die one day
and doesn't want to go to my God liar.
And then everything's fine in that subreddit,
and it seems perfectly fine,
and then someone goes like,
if I reprinted this in my dumbass blog,
I could get like a million pennies.
And then it all gets out of control.
The end result is always that
there's a lot of community fans, I think,
and I know, because I see on Twitter,
they literally will go,
he needs to stop talking.
What percentage of the feedback is that?
I don't know.
What does Twitter represent?
What do the community fans represent?
One million pennies.
Is our top community fan,
is the, like, that was a quote from,
I can't pronounce her Twitter name.
Is she here?
Wait, the stop talking lady is here?
The stop talking lady is here.
He needs to stop talking.
Why would you come to this show?
That's all it is.
That's what I wanted to do.
Would you be willing to come up
and talk about how I shouldn't?
Well, if we're going to have this conversation,
you have to come up on stage.
Stop talking, lady.
Yeah, you're going to take and grab one of those.
She just walked in and said,
what should we talk about?
That's so interesting.
So, what's your name, by the way?
Lisa.
Hello, Lisa.
You look very, very contentious right now.
She's got arms of Kimbo,
like a fight's about to break out.
Can I just say something really quick?
Okay, yes?
Hello, little cat.
Oh, I know.
Lisa is responsible for getting season five.
She's a Twitter fan.
Can you come up and explain that?
Get up here.
What is going on?
And, by the way,
can we start doing the show in the round,
because it would be so much easier
just to have to surround it by people.
The access to the stage would be so much simpler,
because now the whole show is people
just storming the stage like the Bastille.
Well, I invited up.
Hey, lady.
I did not create a show,
and you do not get to tell me to stop talking.
What's your name, Robin, to her Batman?
I'm Catherine.
Catherine, hello, Catherine.
I'm Violin Catherine on Twitter.
I guess you can pronounce that.
I didn't ask, but thank you.
And you guys were principally,
like you coordinated Communicon, right?
She did.
Right.
All right, so the concept,
okay, why do I need to stop talking?
In three words or less.
I thought that you were hurting yourself
and you were hurting the fans.
I didn't say you should stop talking,
because I think, well, I did say you should stop.
I really did.
But in the context,
I'm sorry, I should I eat my mic.
Eat your mic.
In the context.
Yeah, talk to the mic.
Okay, sorry.
There is a danger that when you say things into this,
it will end up reflecting poorly on you.
That's true, but I really didn't think
that you would go so far as to have me up here,
but so I'm glad.
I'm glad to have the chance.
Is this punishment to bring you up here?
Do you not want to be up here?
Well, you don't like feeling like you're under attack,
so I don't particularly like it myself either.
Okay, so you don't want to be up here?
Oh, I see where you're going.
I see where you're going.
What kind of fucking jiu-jitsu is going on over there?
Dan, if she doesn't stay up here,
I will stay up here and defend her.
Well, I don't doubt that.
There's a lot of energy coming from this concept.
Do you understand why I would want you to come up here?
So that we can have it out so that we can be on honest ground,
so that tonight everyone, whether they love community,
hate community, don't give a shit about community,
love me, hate me, don't give a shit about me,
we can all go home tonight and go to fucking sleep
and wake up in an honest world.
Why should I stop talking?
Okay, yes, it is great that you cared,
and I love that you care, and I think you're brilliant,
and I think that the show is obviously wonderful,
or I wouldn't be here if I spent all the money to get here.
When I read the comments, and I'm not the only person
who said this, Dan, is that not that you should stop talking,
but you let them bait you to the point
where it distracts people from wanting to enjoy the show.
New fans, people who don't know you,
people who don't know that this is your persona,
or who you are, and they say,
who the hell is Dan Harmon?
I don't like to see that happen.
I'm so happy that you're back.
I am over the moon happy that you're back.
I'm all the time in passion into doing what I do online
to get people to watch the show and to love the show
if I didn't care.
So when I hear you say those things,
I don't think you shouldn't say them,
and people said to me, you should come and see him at Communicon,
you should come see him at Harmontown
and see what he's really like as a person.
He's not done a shit quote that was in Vulture,
and I said, yeah, I'm gonna do that
because I saw your response to me the other day,
and it hurt, and I said, well, right, I see his point.
You for me to be defensive and express my pain.
What was your response to?
She said that she was gonna come to the show,
and I said, maybe the topic of the show
should be how I should stop talking.
That hurt you?
Well, no.
Okay.
It didn't hurt me in the sense that my feelings were her.
I realized, like many people do,
that on Twitter, the things that you say
can come back and bite you,
just like the things that you say on a subreddit
came back and bit you,
and you felt like you needed to respond to it,
and that's why I didn't respond to that
because you know what?
The dude is right.
It's his show, and I am sitting here
saying that he should stop talking.
I meant in terms of, and I'm sorry,
I'm a little bit going to be around and going around
and sounding like I don't quite know what I mean
because it's complicated.
You're a complicated person.
I find the whole concept of trying to understand
where you're coming from as a person
to be something that I wrestle with,
but I also tell everyone that I think
you're a total genius
and that the show wouldn't be the same without you.
We all know what season four was like,
and that's also why it hurt me.
What do you mean?
Okay.
What on earth do you mean?
Get those camera phones out, everybody.
Please.
Hit record right now.
Please tell Vulture and DeFamer and TMZ
what you mean by that.
Please tell the AV Club what you mean.
Say anything after the word season four.
Say anything.
Say season four, I like Arby's.
And see how they twist it.
And you didn't even create the show.
I mean, there's a lot of energy on that topic,
and it's tough sometimes.
Lisa, can I?
I mean, I'm coming at this from a very,
like from the back row here,
but it sounds to me like you love the show, obviously.
You really love community.
And there's two different things here.
There's Dan Harmon, the guy.
And then there's the show that Dan created.
And do you feel that you like Dan
a little bit less than you like the show?
You worry that Dan has the capacity
to hurt the thing that you care about.
Which is good.
No, I'm not trying to be flippant.
You feel like Dan has the capacity
to actually be destructive to the thing
that you care about more, right?
Community, am I getting that wrong?
Yes and no.
It's possible if Paul Newman makes salad dressing
and then Paul Newman is in the paper
going like, I hate women.
It could hurt salad dressing sales.
It could hurt his salad dressing sales.
It could hurt, yes, not all salad dressing sales.
It might actually cause a spike in Hidden Valley Ranch, yes.
I'm saying his salad dressing sales, yes,
would be harmed by him saying something like that.
So you're looking at me as like a Colonel Sanders
or like a Ronald McDonald,
which I am like in relation to community.
When it says, cause those articles say
community creator lashes out at rape victims.
Loves what happens to them.
Thinks it's hilarious.
Created community.
Do you think you should watch it on Thursday?
That's what those headlines do.
And so as a fan you're like, oh god damn it.
I'm trying so hard just to get people to
mobilize and watch the show
and get that 1.2 up to a 1.3
and he's undermining me.
Paul Newman is undermining my pro salad dressing campaign.
Wow.
You're frowning like you disagree with anything I'm saying.
I'm saying, that's my best guess at what you're going through.
No, I don't think you're undermining me.
I worry about people hearing that
and thinking that you're a dick
and that they don't want to watch the show.
Right, that's what I just said.
I can't tell.
Me?
It seems like there's two people that hate each other on stage
but you don't.
How do you feel about Dan Harmon, the individual?
I don't hate you.
Why would I hate you?
Wow.
I'm really confused.
There's two people on stage.
One of them
does not like being told
not to talk.
That's me for sure. I'll own up to that.
Sounds like that's also how you feel
because a mere reply to your tweet hurt your feelings.
You said something and I responded to it
and it hurt your feelings.
I won't, let me rephrase.
Being brought up here feels like an attack.
Oh, sorry, you're making me say it a lot of ways.
Responses to the things that you say
make you feel like a bad person.
You feel under scrutiny.
You feel like you're under a microscope.
I want you to be different.
Catherine, you have a microphone in your hand.
Just start tossing into the mic.
Lisa, can I just...
No, no, no.
I really don't want you to...
Let her talk.
No.
This is the last thing I want.
Catherine, what I'm assuming is a friend of yours
is on stage and she's champion.
I want you to...
No, I won't.
In 60 seconds we won't come out.
Hey, hey, hey, Lisa.
I'm Comptroller, shut up.
Catherine, go ahead.
You have to conch.
All right, Dan.
Let me...
60 seconds, let me talk and you take the mic back.
Let me talk.
She really doesn't like people to talk.
Okay.
I mean, two dots draws a segment
and it's almost a line, man.
She tried to get me.
All right, Dan, we've worked our butts off
for season four, which, okay,
whatever, season five,
looking at season six.
This girl
spent day and night
with Mike in Canada to get season five.
I don't want her to get pissed off
and quit
right now. There's a reality.
Okay, I love you. I'm just saying it.
I need to stand up for you right now.
The other thing is, okay,
as an AV club member
on that 160,000 comment board,
we love you and we want you
to come hang out with us and it's sad.
Okay, you can go to Reddit
and be nice to them, but you're going to attack
a community fan leader
and then you're going to go and like
shun the AV club. I'm just personally like
go to the people who love you
and come back and be like, okay, what on earth
instead of just coming back hard, because we do love you.
There's so much
backstory and underlying stuff to this
that's so confusing to people, though.
That's what I'm saying. When I wake up in the morning,
here's what I do. I wake up
and I go, my name is Dan Harmon.
I am going to think things. They're going to
drop down out of my brain by gravity
and come out of my mouth. Some of this stuff
is going to go through my fingers because I won't have time
to say everything and end up being a TV show
if I'm lucky. I've been doing that
for 40 years and counting. So that's how
I operate every given day.
And then this wonderful thing called the Internet
which doesn't demand eye contact from me
like I get to go in and I love
going in. I was born on the Internet.
I go in and somebody says to me,
hey Dan, what does it feel like to write that
show? And I go, you know what,
sometimes it feels like a penguin fucking a moose.
And only recently
the weird flash in the pan
like it's worth money
to print
a headline that says like
community creator says penguins
fucking mooses.
And that has something to do with the thing.
So that's an issue that we all are experiencing,
all of us. And when we experience
it, like we all have
it's a bummer for me
but here's how I handle it. I go
oh fuck, that sucks.
And you go, oh fuck, that sucks.
And you go, that sucks.
We all go to bed but
I don't say to anybody
even to famer, vulture,
anybody. I never say
someone's got to stop doing
something that they've been doing.
I go to bed, I wake up and I keep doing it.
And I experience pain because
of it. Just like I did on the playground.
Just like all the characters in community
are constantly being punished
for who they are. The outside world
closes in on you as you
express your humanity.
It's an important theme of the show.
And it's run by a psychopath.
It's run by somebody who just goes
baaah, baaah,
baaah. And I'm
bummed out. I'm a little baby
a little poopy pants baby
about the idea of
being told to shut up and what
I shouldn't shouldn't do. It's like a big
issue with me. And
I didn't like go off on you
or anything. I tweeted back
at you like a defensive
like low, like I rolled over
exposed my belly to you. Do I get to jump in now?
Yeah, sorry, I didn't mean
to cut you off.
Look, you tweeted back
at me and it gave me pause
and I talked to my friends, most
of whom are here tonight, who all said
you know what? Dan
does run off at the mouth. He doesn't
mean anything bad to people about
he's not trying to hurt anyone. Maybe
he's hurting himself. Maybe you should
think twice about what you said. Maybe you
should go to Harmontown, see what he's really like
came to see you at Communicon
came away from that thinking
I can see why he's such a powerful
figure and why people like him so much.
It's interesting to hear you talk.
I was hearing those sound
bites out of vulture like that you're
complaining about and I responded
thinking here's a man who makes
a show I admire. Here's a show
I really want to see
succeed in season five. I'd like to see more.
I wish he would stop talking
because it just makes him look
bad and I don't want you to
look bad. So if that's bad
and if that puts me stupid or I'm
attacking you or I don't even know
exactly what we're getting at right now
because I would never ever ever
call you stupid. My head is
crawling a little bit because I'm being
No, it's tough up here, yes. I choose
to be up here because it's self-destructive.
Just
to respond to that.
I mean, did you
watch the Sarah Silverman program? I got fired
from that. I got fired from
every job I had in Milwaukee. I always thought
you caught me at a normal
time in my life.
I have been getting
fired my entire life.
Everybody that I work for
eventually goes, did I like
the Sarah Silverman program?
Did I like?
It's a bummer
to me. I wish that I could be who I
was and constantly get promoted.
That would be great if people
gave me cakes all the time
instead of firing me, I guess.
But the truth is the way
that they respond to who I am is they fire
me.
But at the same time,
I like my life.
I like the way things are going.
I got a hybrid.
I got
a golden doodle. I got a red-head
girlfriend.
In that order.
But the thing that we're
talking about, this is why I wanted to bring
you up, and you're like me
as soon as somebody is talking
about what you're saying,
you know,
I'm feeling what you're feeling
when we come up here and talk about this.
That's
why...
Here's the thing that I have found.
But here's the thing that I have found.
When the autonomic response
slowly fades down,
when we talk about it for
10 minutes longer than people usually talk about it,
and this show does everything 10 minutes
longer than anything,
this miracle
starts to happen.
I'll tell you why this show exists,
and why my
space blog exists, and why everything that I've
ever done that has gotten me in trouble exists.
Why there's a letter
online that I wrote to an 8-year-old kid
about Steven Spielberg being a hack, because I didn't
like Monster House enough.
Why I'm famous
before that for saying that my
Kung Fu Panda sucked.
Every fucking job I've ever worked at
there's always this thing
that comes up that I go like,
I'm an asshole.
I say this shit that gets me in trouble.
But
here's another thing that has always happened.
When I first came out
to LA,
I once...
I was working for Ben Stiller,
and it just
happened, Stan. All of a sudden I'm working for this famous guy, Ben Stiller.
And
we were going to have a party in our place in Koreatown,
and
I was going to
invite him over, and Rob Schrab said,
you know, you should probably leave a funny message
on his
message machine. We had machines
back then. And so
I practiced
a funny message.
And I kind of
I ran it through
my head a couple times, and I dialed his number, and I
left... I tried to leave a funny
message on his machine. I kind of fucked it up, and
I had to call back, because I forgot to leave
my contact info.
It was
a horrible experience that I walked away from, because
of course he never showed up for the party.
I
had so much shame about it, locked down
in my body, that
three years later, I would open my refrigerator
to make a sandwich in the privacy
of my own home, and the color of the mustard
bottle would somehow remind
me of the time I left
a fucking shitty funny message on
Ben Stiller's voice mail.
And
there was this tipping point where I said,
I got to stop making this
my problem. And I went over
to my computer, and I typed up the
story of how I left a funny message on
Ben Stiller's answering machine,
and I clicked submit on it, and it was
a blog entry, and there was no guarantee
that anyone was going to read it. It was just a
message in a bottle that I whipped out into the ocean,
and it was gone. It was out of my heart,
and everybody in this room, everybody
on this planet is walking around with all this
shit that we do, that is shameful,
and all this rage
that we have, and all these sexual perversions,
and we collect
them, and we bottle them up.
And I don't think it's a good idea for everybody
to barf them onto each other,
but I know that I would go insane,
that I would be a toxic, horrible
Portuguese
man-of-war, half-dead
on the beach. TMZ
had like, Dan Harmon lashes out at the Portuguese.
And jellyfish.
I would be filled with toxicity
if I didn't, like,
put it out, and the weird thing about putting it out
is it doesn't poison other people. It turns
into comedy. It turns into
things that they can, it feels cathartic
to them. A lot of people basically
just say, oh, if that dumb fat
piece of shit, petty asshole
can get up there and be honest about being
a big fucking dumb shithead,
maybe I wasn't doing something
so wrong my whole life.
And so I do
that stuff, and I'm going to keep doing
it, and the whole
time I'm very defensive
about the idea of being, like,
I feel that pressure. Community was
a new chapter in my life. It was this
plot point that happened to me. I
stumbled into this job
of being able to actually affect people
and being the Colonel Sanders
of this thing, and it was
like 15-year-old girls following
me on Twitter and me having to go, I can't
tweet about jerking off anymore.
I could, but
it doesn't feel right.
They're only following me because
Joel McHale follows me.
It's a 15-year-old girl.
You start to
ask yourself who you are,
what you have a right to say, and it
only constricts in from there.
I
forgot my point a long time ago,
but that's where I come
from, and
my point of bringing you up
here was absolutely not.
I knew that if I did, I knew
that there would be, and
both of our parts, my cheeks got hot,
my ears got hot. I knew
that that would happen, but
I didn't want it to happen. I knew it
would have disastrous results. Probably tomorrow, it's
probably too late to prevent that
because it's a juicier story
and whatever happened right away.
But I also knew
that something would be resolved, that
something would go just
finish it, just be done with it.
Some of you guys love
a television show so much
that the guy that created it
is an obstacle in its
path, and I think that's a beautiful
thing, but it's an obstacle that's not going to go
away.
I'm not queuing that applause.
It's going to sound like Dan Harmon brings up
a community fan in a
fucking dogfight pit
and makes them applaud him saying
he's a hero.
I anticipated everybody
in the audience being a communicon
attendee. That's why I wanted to talk
about this. I wanted this to be more
apology and atonement than anything.
I wanted to explain to you guys without
promising that I'm going to change because I'm not going
to. I wanted to somehow explain to you guys
that this is
who I am.
So he doesn't need to stop talking.
Lisa, use your mic.
Oh, sorry.
Eat the mic. There's no way for me out of this
conversation.
You could be human.
Do you want me to apologize?
Tell me your feelings.
Feelings. Your feelings.
Don't talk about me.
Lisa, I'm not
trying to poke or prod here. What's
unresolved for you in this? You still seem pretty wound up
about it. What's the unresolved
issue for you?
Why?
Use your microphone.
I'm not sure what you want from me.
Yes, I'm sorry. I just had a throwaway
comment to you that made you upset
and made you feel like you had to go through all this.
But it's symbolic of a larger thing.
There's a big sea of magma under there.
The fandom.
So am I here as an example for all the fandom
who goes in? Probably, right?
No? Do you not want to speak
for fandoms, like frustration
with my PR?
I can't speak for anyone but myself.
Well, okay. Then talk about
like, have you
said that? Then like, how do you feel?
I think I've already explained twice now that
I said that and I've talked to people
about it and they said, find out who he
really is. And now I feel like
I really have found out who you are and I'm not
going to worry about it anymore. You can say
whatever you want. I'm not the boss of you.
We did it. Lisa
and Katherine, everybody. Thank you so much.
Fantastic.
Wow.
Good job.
There was a thing about season 5
too. Thank you for season 5.
I felt that was healthy.
I felt like it for a little bit.
All right.
Let's bring Spencer Crittenden up.
Hey, hey.
What's up, everybody?
You got any
opinions about how that shook down?
I almost passed out.
From boredom? Because all the
blood was in my penis.
Do you get turned on
by fandom issues?
I said the passed out thing
and then I thought that would be a natural
link. It just came out of me.
Like all the semen during that conversation.
Spencer, when's your HBO
special coming up?
Yeah.
We learn more about you
every week.
That was fascinating
as a bystander to watch that
because it was like, clearly
there's emotions that people have about
the show and it's very interesting.
I think it's like being in a hall
of mirrors for me.
I think there's projection upon
projection upon projection upon projection.
There's
I feel so fucking
much when I go
into any
comment section or article
about the things that I do.
And it's the only right way
to do it would be to be so
detached that I
can't see myself being that kind of person
and yet at the same time, everybody
who says the same thing they've been saying
over and over and over again, which is like
stop it. Stop
responding. Stop getting
warmed up by it. Stop being a petty person.
They're all right. They're all
absolutely correct. That is not
how Vince Gilligan goes about his business.
That is not how good people
make a good show.
But it's like, I don't know when
to, when do you die
your beard?
It's 40% gray.
It's 60% gray.
My temples are gray.
I got a little thinning on top.
When do you
start manipulating
who you are and how
people perceive you?
When is that dishonesty
and when is that maintenance?
Do you think there will ever come a point for you?
Do you aspire
to a healthier place when things don't
bother you like that? Do you foresee that even being
possible?
Here's what a healthy guy looks
like on the internet.
He's not there.
He's healthy. Why would he be
on the internet?
If he is on the internet,
he usually looks like he has a little
eyes wide shut mask on his face
because he's not calling himself
the guy that his boss can fire.
He's calling himself
a scuba tube 69.
And he's just yelling
at people about
jet propulsion or racism.
And the internet
is like the sewer slash glory hole
that people use.
I'm 40 years old.
I've really never
rarely,
rarely done
the anonymous thing. I've always been
myself,
on the internet. Maybe that's a weird
self-destructive thing that I've always done.
I should have a long time ago just
burst into a weird aerosol
of weird characters
that can just blog their hearts out about
how much everyone's a piece of shit.
Do you think there will be some sort of crossover
where you become Buddha
and you just let things wash over you
and you don't care? Is that part of what drives you?
On the internet? No.
In general, you don't like being told
what to do. You don't like people saying
Tyree Shoe Bro.
You have a very strong reaction to
anybody telling you to stop being
you, to alter you.
That's a good thing
but do you ever see yourself
becoming
the dude about it
letting it all happen?
I'm not looking forward to it.
I get a lot of
most of the good things that I do
I do out of a nervousness that
people aren't going to like me if I do something else.
I'm not looking forward to the guy I
become when I am forced to disconnect.
You probably stop writing.
I might start writing really nasty shit.
I don't know.
I have no idea what I do.
I don't know if it would be more or less marketable
what I wrote.
I've
definitely reached a tipping point.
I've definitely reached a point of
clearly
if I was in therapy right now
I know that the therapist a long time ago
listening to my description of what I've been going through
he would have said
you have to figure out who the fuck you are
because what's happening to you
is you are
going to strangers
to figure out who you are
and when you do that you get what you deserve
you are going to get static
as a result
and you're going to take that in
as a personality
that is what a crazy person does
a sociopath but in reverse
a sociopath
has efficacy
a sociopath can like taxi a plane down a runway
because he doesn't care what other people think
it's like so weird what am I
I don't know who I am
unless people are reacting to me
I now know I'm a bad person
because Lisa was like
bummed out up here
if your identity is defined by
not a lot of who you are
because you're a very singular person
but a lot of your identity
when you're working on community
that's who you are
it's a relationship that you have
the characters are kind of you
the show is you
that's thin ice
psychologically
you don't go into a job like
writing TV
with unresolved psychological issues
that's a bad gymnasium
to work out
you're not going to tone your muscles there
you're going to exacerbate
and Charlie Horst's
pre-existing conditions
let's say you wrote a show that was a giant
huge popular success
you have the Big Bang Theory
breaking bad
universe loves, you're on all the talk shows
and everybody is adoring you
do you think that would be more comfortable
I think I would figure out a way to self-destruct
I do
because I would feel like a fraud
I think that's oppositional defiant disorder
I would go like
I must be doing something wrong
nobody's pissed off
this is not working
I would figure out a way to fuck it up
is it you not liking being told what to do
you want to get punched at the bar
you're going to keep grabbing ass until somebody throws a punch at you
I don't know
I'd love you Andy if you're listening
although you stole my fucking beer yesterday
I feel like animals
you put them in a big pen
maybe there's one of the animals
that has some kind of
because it was a puppy mill puppy
I got to keep digging
in some dark corner
I would imagine you're never going to really change that
I think it's always going to be a thing
I have like
it's a tick
I look at my brother
it's frustratingly the same way
there's a thing about you
you can be
part of what drives you
clearly when you write anything
Dan and I took an acting class years ago
and it was monologues
we would be at a bar an hour before the class
with no monologues
I'm going to go home, I'm going to write you a monologue about you being in the CIA
I'm going to write me a monologue about being king minus
we had a class
we had five minutes to look it over and kind of memorize it
and do it and they were great
really really good
there's something going on in your brain
that makes you very very good at typing thoughts down
and making good writing out of ideas
that you have
there has to be a deficit
there has to be something on the other side of that scale
that makes you a crazy person in certain ways
you can't be good at that
and good at everything else
and the same way like being a friend with you
with so much wisdom
you can come to you with a problem
I can just tell you a dream ahead
and you go, look this is what you're going through
in your Yoda, you live in goop
and you dispense Yoda wisdom
and there's other times when you're just not there
it's not like
a faucet that's always on
you can be completely
distant and unapproachable
as a friend but you get both of those things
you get incredible
outpouring of attention
and then you get zero
that's part of
he's looking at his phone
you see what it's like?
Mitch Hurwitz is texting me
sure he is
I'll get back to you later
did you hear what I was saying?
something about a bad person
I don't know
perfect
our next guest
I do feel like what we should do
is there a couple rounds
there was an intensity to that exchange
and those ladies
they represent
say they represent the fandom
and then they don't want to be accused of that
or whatever
I feel like she represented herself
I think she's in a weird position
I don't think she wants to represent everybody
I think in some weird way
she kind of now has to
because you came up as the voice of a certain thought
but really she's just being Lisa
having her own visible reactions
yeah absolutely
I got punished for it for sure
and I will always do that
I will always punish people for telling me not to talk
but speaking of which
who wants to tell me not to talk
we don't do this a lot
do like a little Q&A
let's grab a couple
because there's a lot of communicon people here
are there any questions
of communicon that didn't get fielded
yes
in the back of the room
yeah
this is what I really should have asked
is there going to be more inspector space time?
please can we beg you for more inspector space time
well no I'm sorry
there's no inspector space time in season 5
as of right now
there's not enough space or time
that's true there's not enough space or time
yeah
I've talked about this before
like inspector space time was like
it had this like really lofty goal
I wanted it to actually be
what it did start to become
which is like a
the show dialoguing with the fans
but what happened was
like it was so successful at doing that
that Sony Legal kind of panicked
not to vilify them
like they didn't really realize what they were getting into
and there was some poor guy whose job it was
at Sony Legal that had to watch all the Dr. Hoos
and started to
he had
a guy whose job it is to
there's somebody in this audience that goes
I'll take that job
I know and there's some poor guy at Sony
who didn't want that job
I could paint to watch all the Dr. Hoos again
that's just so funny about it to me
is that this poor guy in a tie
I picture him in a tie with a
like a little adding machine in his desk
he's like writing these emails going like
well this is obviously a reference to K9
you can't kid a kidder
it's a robot cat
it's a robot dog we get it
he had to take in all of the
minutia
anyways another question
let's go with that hand there
I don't know if it's a question or not
who the fuck do you think you are
okay that's good
I'm glad you asked
dad
I just think that
talking about how fans feel
about the whole thing
I just think that most of us
the show wouldn't be what it is
if you don't do what you do
all the time
you put yourself into that show
and that's why it's so great
is there a question in there?
don't bully him he's praising me
I just hate when people
don't give questions
is there a question in there?
the reason
is the reason that you are now
doing it again
is there a reason why Dan's
gone back
do you feel any sort of gratitude
for what they did
in keeping it on the air?
nice
and in case
I didn't get picked up over the microphone
do I feel any
gratitude to the people that worked
on season 4?
the answer to that is no
I might as well just
walk into a barrel of tar
of course
anybody that worked on a show
that had that title
especially like I did say
the guys that
did take over running it
looked at what they were up against
and actually made the weirder decision
which was to try to
do the weirder show
which they did not have to do
and may have been
so I have
I did looking at that
I was like wow they didn't have to do that
and of course anybody that was working
on that show was not doing it to say
fuck you to me
it's hard to separate that from
the kind of brain that just gets up here
and says well my garage needs to be cleaned
out so everyone can go fuck themself and die
you know it's like
I'm not a diplomat and a politician
and I am so sorry
like well I watched season 4
well what was that like
well it was like this for me
boom boom
that's what it was like for me
and I was talking
about myself and talking about this stuff
and then the next day it's like oh shit
I forgot to add
or it wasn't as delightful
for me to add
of course hats off to anybody
and then you think about the fact that I watched season 4
once and probably
here's the other thing
if I watched season 2
it would be like boom boom
you probably
heard my commentary on the DVDs
I'm not a big
fan of my own work
when I watch it again
so I was definitely not going to be a big fan
I think the most noble thing I did was not
not watch
that season until I had to
because I had to go back
because I knew I think that was probably
the only healthy part of my brain was like
you're going to fuck it up for everybody
if you watch that thing
and I watched it and then I came up here
whatever
I said how I feel
and it's
it's
it sucks when I say how I feel
and it hurts other people
it sucks
yes everyone that worked on that
season is a hero
everyone that works on any half hour of television
I don't even care if it's like
Tim Allen go ask grandpa
or
or like
is he grandpa or is he play
she's not how dare you
it's a show about a young
vivacious hipster Tim Allen
whose grandpa moves in with him
after years of
being a part and he goes
and asks him for advice because he knows it'll make him feel better
have you seen it
no I haven't
it's wonderful it's got a lot of stop motion in it
it's crazy
all the sequences in the grandfather's dinner
done in stop motion
his father is like this Cthulhu like creature
who sits in the window and says
go ask grandpa
and Tim Allen goes in
grandpa always
sure enough his advice always works out
like half right half wrong
is the A story always something that Tim Allen
has to like you know like he's on a date or something
yeah he's like oh my wallet chain got caught on the door
no
but then there's the other story
is like well grandpa said I need to get
into the restaurant now my wallet chain is caught
and that's the end of the second act is like oh shit
third act
took off his pants it's really fine
forgot what I was talking about
people that work on network television shows
or anybody that would
ever imply that their time was
less valuable to them would be a villain
it's hard work
they go home very tired
a lot of times they don't make it all the way
home they pull over to the side of the road
and go to sleep sometimes they
I was one of these people pull into their garage
and could only make it that far and then fall asleep
in their garage with their cars running
and every once in a while statistically
you know something happens because we push
the limits of human labor on those
television is that why you got a hybrid
so I could sleep twice as long
it's true I probably be dead right now if I didn't
have a hybrid like I remember one night
waking up in my garage with the car running
I was like oh shit it's a hybrid you should have just
install some ventilation in there
the crazy thing would be
people they would have to figure out wasn't a
suicide
well did he have any
they would just like toy car
they would
trying to figure that out
if you want to murder me like do that
like there's a combo
episode going on right
yes of course
god damn it and also in a larger sense
I can't apologize enough for anything I said
that hurt the people that worked on that shit
I'm sorry I'm sorry I
crapped off at Megan Gans on Twitter
I'm sorry I
sorry I feel like it's some kind of personal
issue for me that they made a season of my TV
show without me I'm sorry I think it's my TV
show that's already a petty perspective
you know it's a
I'm not
that's how that's how the fans feel
it's how I feel it's a fans
perspective a larger person
like a Paul Newman would be like
it's not my
salad dressing I don't care if you found
a rat tail in it I
I was in
which is Sundance I don't give a fuck really
he's too busy he's too busy hating on
women
and let's do one more and then let's
move on let's go up in front here
oh it's Julieta super fan Julieta
I have a question
alright you're having an animated episode
you're having an animated episode
do you mean psychologically
that too I mean for season 5
in community and I'm an animator
and
here we go
why would you not
help me out man
yeah Dan stop being a dick
this is a whole other episode where you
come up here and we talk about this James
at Starburn's got you a work visa
right
way too late so they had to get
well boo-hoo
wait so he did try to
help you out
James from
under orders from
Colonel Sanders
you think he would just come up with
that idea on his own he's a great guy
but my god
so where is it
standing right now you didn't get a visa so you can't work on a
show I got it but it took too long
to arrive so they had to give my job to someone else
because you know I understand that TV show
has to get named without me
it seems like you're dealing with it pretty well
I skipped work to come here
because I don't like my job
where do you work?
give her a mic if she didn't keep talking this mic
alright come up Julieta
yeah I'm an animation teacher
at a university
which reminds me of Greendale
yeah
you hate teaching these people
I don't
keep teaching them
enjoy this time in your career when you can say this and there's no repercussions
exactly
yeah I mean no one's gonna listen to this
I mean
from my hometown
my students are not gonna listen to this
well I can make sure they do
watch this season 4 of community was like
Monterey, Mexico
population
16,000
4 million
Jesus
but I am actually really grateful that you remember
my little rant
you know the real reason I do is because I play this game
pocket planes on my iPhone
and Monterey is like my big strategic
layover city
oh I'm so glad that we are useful for something
other than drug dealing
I'm gonna go, I'm gonna sing karaoke
after this and I'm gonna sing it happen in Monterey
in your honor tonight
I am really flattered about that
and you think we don't do shit for you
look what we do for you
all we do is think about you Julieta
awww
well it's likewise
you know I honestly
and this is serious
I cannot listen to Harmontown
because I get depressed because I'm not here
I cannot it's
but you'll always be here in the form of these keychains
awwww
that's me hanging from my
hands
alright
well um yeah
I love you Dan and I respect you
thank you Julieta
see thank you for that
wow
Dan
you finally get what you want
someone to come up here and praise you
I did it as a joke
I don't think you did
news flash
I'm not likeable
that's why I write
uh
if you were likeable
what would you do
dude I would just
you know what I would be a major at
I would
I would lead parades
you have a little baton
yeah yeah I would twirl
I swear to god I would just be out in front of every parade
no matter what it was
Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving look at me
time for Thanksgiving
the reason I do what I do
is because if I did that
everyone would go what's to be thankful for
really
maybe we should just watch Wizard of Oz
and the you know Macy's Day
parade would shut down
uh but if I
if I could just be popular I would just
I would teach girls how to play billiards
by wrapping my arms around them
no you're doing it wrong
in a likeable way
I would manage a bank for six months
and just be like who needs some money
you can't have any
I'm sorry
I feel like people like if I said you can't have a loan
people would be like you fucking gross fat turd
and I'd go like
shit she's right
and kill myself so I stay away from that
I just
there's so much you can do if you're popular
if you can walk away from anything going like
ah she's wrong I'm an unconditionally lovable
I would do anything
I would probably be a serial killer
because that's like the top job
that people like come down on
if you are really popular
you could
you could really
yeah you're right it doesn't pull down anything here
I don't know
I mean it's like if you are popular
that's why
you are popular by the definition now
you're a popular figure now
but you mean like
I don't know if you're paying attention to what happened
tonight for instance
part of being popular is also
I can affect people
you know like bad guys in the movies
you know what they do
they like stay in a castle and they use crystal balls
and long fingernails to make shit happen
that's writing
that's what that is
the good guys are out there
slaying demons with their actual sword
and like making out with chicks
like they go places and the
bad guy is like I'm angry at myself
and no one likes me so I'm gonna have
efficacy I'm gonna write
cheers
I want to touch people
but if I touch them in real life
they'll slap me
that's what writing is
it's a
gross person getting a hug
I can't believe
that's surprising to anybody
who do you think does this
that's so sad and so sweet at the same time
who do you think puts this kind of time
into that you know like a document
that says hug me, hug me, hug me, hug me, hug me
not a person that gets hugs all the time
I mean
now everyone's gonna rush the stage and hug me
alright you didn't
alright I'm kidding
why don't we get into
judges and dragons sweet
cheers
applause
do you want more players
or what
fuck no man
alright the gruesome twosome
hey man we still got character sheets
and shit
should I hold the music?
well let's check in with Spencer while he's sorting
our stuff out what's going on
what's it like being my assistant
this is the same question every week
it's been two weeks
it's cool I'm glad that
sometimes you know we feel more comfortable
talking about my weaknesses as an
assistant now
because you know
that sort of feedback is important to me
hopefully improve my job
where do you feel like you're dropping the ball Spencer?
I just uh I come from
a lot of jobs where you had like
everything to do 100% of the time
like at Apple like there's always things to organize
before that I worked at a book company
and like there was literally just
carts of books and they wouldn't stop
so it was like you know that sushi I love Lucy
thing but with books so
I mean so I'm not constantly
you mean the chocolate one?
yeah yeah sorry
that sushi thing it's like that sushi thing
in Drake and Josh
so um
I saw
I saw the Isle of Lucy thing too to be fair
but um
yeah they executed a lot better
while
while I'm being the villain here
did anyone remember
Eiffel 65?
no no not blue
they had other songs
specifically
that song playstation
does anyone remember the
playstation?
I don't even know what a Jake and Josh is
I don't know what you're talking about
it's cool it's cool
I'm just a playstation song
that's been stuck in my head
I'm blue
I'm blue blue blue
this is my nightmare
nah nah
blue was a good song also I mean
this is a song on a video game
no it was a song about
playstation and like Eiffel 65
they just like
they made their music in like Froot Loops or something
it was just like synth pop stuff
oh my god all these buzz words
I'm just seeing my words just
fly over your heads it's amazing
but yeah
is it one of them rock and rolly bands?
but all their song lyrics were just like
really really repetitive because they went
along with like the the dance
electronic kind of music
back then that was kind of repetitive sometimes
so it was just they were
most of the song was just
listing off video games
so are you saying you have that as an earworm right now?
are you struggling with that?
I get the worst
I have an earworm song almost every day
and they're really bad
the worst when you have a song stuck in your head that you don't even know
you don't even know the words
so it's stuck in your head but you can't even sing it
I heard somewhere
that the most important part of an earworm is like
the tempo like if you have a song
stuck in your head you have its tempo exactly
right so how do you
break that? I don't think you can
but I think it's like songs that have complicated
tempos that just doesn't happen to them
didn't Dino say that Colbert is cured?
I think Dino said that Stephen Colbert is cured
if we're getting a song that's stuck in your head out
it's just sing the song and then go
bymenin
then you're done
wait should we have a guest
play Krista Burke?
I asked that and you said no
I thought about it now
alright well let's have Julia
to play Mulraine Sedona
and I'm just going to go
by Guttons
and have Tyler reprise Krista Burke
alright Tyler to the stage
character sheets have been
dispensed so someone will pass mine down to me please
and Spencer
take it away sir
alright
when we last met
our heroes had been climbing
the spires of Admiral Darkstar's
black keep in order
to put a stop to the madman's
evil schemes
after filling their room with lava
the heroes took refuge on massive
stone statues but as they
plotted their next move they were interrupted
by a familiar face
Brefi
that spider creature from the shadow
plane was back re-engineered
with metallic parts and a singular
focus
destroying quark
quickly quark climbed the chains
headbutting the cyborg spider with a dagger
strapped to his face
brefi shot back
I had nothing to do with that
that's true
that's narwhal
I mean I said it fine no one's going to get that
but you know
narwhal
Jesus
you're not wrong
he shot spikes it hit him in the stomach
done
alright
alright so we're still in the midst of this fight with
our former ally turned
enemy
what's our 20 right now
so everyone but quark is standing
on these three statues think of him as
islands and a sea of lava
so above you lies a lattice
of linked chains forming a sort
of dizzying tangle or web of clanking
steel above
in this web of steel you can see
brefi's kind of situated in the middle
like a big spider
and quark you're up there with him you're headbutting
him in the face didn't he get a chain
impaled through him that
was you
get
you have a chain in your stomach
yeah reeled in
reeled in by the stomach chain
scorpion style
last I
remember I wanted this this was something that I
was into I wanted to pull him pull myself
to him I mean that's all you man
can I start off
by taking the dagger off of my head
yeah good call alright
I'm an incredible pain but that's a good idea
you hear the skittering
scratching metal grate and you see
steel pulp plates open up
in brefi's armor
you see spider like metal
things scramble out of his body
and go into the the
tangle of chains around you
spiders are all over the place
robot spider yeah
the worst kind and is the
is the lava still rising oh yeah
and how much how much you're fine
you're way ahead of everybody else there
these guys are in in dire straits
I'm on brefi's back right
you weren't uh yeah
no no different I don't think so
okay he was he was
thank you Adam Goldberg yeah
yeah
give credit where credits do
you were on one of these islands
in the long run Monterey
you should get a population four million
you should get up here in the
chains with us and fight this robot
asshole
um I
want you um do I have
rope you do
okay so I tie a rope
why does everybody tie everything to everything
sorry go ahead so I tie
my rope to my arrow and I
shoot it
two torches like somewhere
where you can get attached so I can
you know grappling hook style oh yeah
okay gotcha so I shoot two arrows
just one
you shoot
one arrow
as you shoot you realize you must
have not tied the rope or something
correctly oh poopies
the arrow is pulled into the lava
trailing with it all the
rope falls into the lava
blah blah
don't applaud that Adam that's a crit I
rolled a critical fell if anyone's wondering
so that's why that happened oh I'm not
just vindictive
also a rope is critically heavier than
an arrow yeah it really throws out
the aerodynamics
but I mean mostly the one the arrow
dynamics yeah
no no arrows use
aerodynamics
so do aeroplanes
aeroplanes
putting it at
Sharpie's turn really
well shocking grasp on brefi
who upon whom I am
standing well one quick
question yeah he has a metal chain
coming out of him that's in me
shocking grasp him it is this bad
times for me
well I mean that would have been a great
question to ask 20 seconds ago
son of a bitch
I think it'll be okay
shocking grasp
that okay so if it was going to hurt
anybody it would hurt me yeah it's coming
out of my hands you're magic
right you know what you are too
thanks buddy
I appreciate that dealing
20 damage
oh shit
you feel him
kind of buckle under the electric
stress of the lightning but he doesn't
move further you like that
am I good
am I that's am I good I'm good
I mean sure okay
okay you got a thing in your stomach
I mean not great right but
I'm not thinking my stomach
and electrocuted correct okay
putting it at quark's turn
all right it's clearly
me that he's mad at because I
fucked him and then stabbed him in the back of the neck
and killed him a long time ago
in that order
I think I so yeah
as I recall I got up on top of him he was unconscious
and I said I wooed him to sleep kind
of I was really romantic and then
I started fucking him and I took a sword
out and drove it through the back of his skull
right yeah well as long as you were
romantic about it
if it's worth doing it's worth
doing right I take
up my far sword with a flaming sword
and I use my far sword attack on brephy
using your far sword
attack on brephy you cut a wide
swath of flame
it hits
yeah
you strike brephy
in three of his legs
they're burned
he takes 10
damage and your far sword wave
continues on slicing through several
of these chains and causing them to
fall and kind of hang hang down
ooh yeah
that could be good we could use us to climb up maybe
yeah as it happens he kind of readjusts
his balance to compensate for this
he's not but he's unsteady now that he's
all these wounded legs going on
ooh go for the legs you guys he can't
stay up there without legs
most of us can't
just let me know when it's my turn
I will putting it at
Christopher's turn
okay uh no seriously
I don't know when it's my turn
I definitely will
don't worry we'll let you know
I just said that
I'm helping
so I have a chain in me that's not great
I'm attached to him
I'm going to use
my armor to autumn and go invisible
and see if I can get a little bit closer to him
without him noticing that
you might notice I'm attached to him
but I'm going to at least try
I'd like to get in closer to him while
he's at it
yep that happens I was just making sure
you didn't run out of invisibilities for the day
Christopher he's hanging up
of these chains by three legs
if he falls in and you're attached to him
aren't you going into the lava with him
whatever it takes
wow
fucking california man
you go
invisible on the end of the chain
okay
putting it at
I'm invisible now
these things happen
putting it at breffie's turn
breffie turns his head all the way around
like a robot
owl person from that movie
clash of the titans
no no
exorcism the exorcist
well there is a robot owl in clash of the titans
there's all sorts of things in all sorts of places
but Jeff
you just got to keep your head up
you're right Spencer
you're
sorry I have a question
and as his head turns around to look at sharpie
his eyes begin to glow red
beams of light emit from them
I assume that's the red light of remorse
and I just want to say you don't have to
feel bad we've all made mistakes
siding with admiral darkstar
was one of yours
murdering you for no reason was ours
I
don't want to throw my friend into the bus
but we've always wondered about him
you felt the pain
you felt the burn now let's
all live and learn
usually I let like the speech
happen but light is faster
I mean it's the speed of light
so about like three words
into that
your speech turns into something
more resembling like ahhh
or something
you take eight damage of searing
blazing heat
alright you're gonna keep track of that right?
yeah I think you and Krista
Berg are pretty much the only people hurt right now
anyway
she's alright
at the same time the
spiders start to scuttle down the chains
and start to get closer to all of you
they start to
they don't start they just
finish jumping upon you
it wasn't a joke I mean
no it's not
I mean that's what I just said
anyway
quark manages to dodge however the rest of you
get hit by robotic spiders
you feel a kind of sharp sting as they try
and you feel their legs poking into your back
they stick stick onto your
bodies
get it off
I'm immersed
this is an acupuncture
don't panic everybody I'll go just
I'll fuck them and kill them all
can your dick stand
all these metal spiders
we're gonna find out
thank you
well done
putting it at more instant
what are you gonna do more
yeah yeah I'm thinking
yeah I'm terrified by
that metallic spider
my back
so
fuck
I
I don't know
like
how much space I have in my island
you're on a space about three feet square
there's about three feet above your head
or some of these chains you might be able to grab on
I think in metric
three feet three feet's a meter
I think that's a pretty fair thing to know
two liters of chains
okay that's not too bad
okay so I have like
this okay I'm
thinking
okay
how much pain am I
I mean not much
it's more the weirdness of a
metal spider being on you that's the problem you know
okay could I just like
shove it off you can try
it's on your back it would be hard to shove
what if I'm very
flexible
we'll see
you try and grab
at it and you get at it with both hands
but you can't prize it off your back
oh well there's a turn
now you got you got you got a move action
if you'd like one oh
get up on these chains
what
oh yeah well since I can't do that
I'll just try to climb
make sense to me 495
for the rice erotic
you leap up on a chain
start to pull yourself into the web
putting it at
now Dan it's your turn Sharpie's turn
as I was saying
you
are clearly
stricken low Breffi
you have chosen your foes
and alliances unwisely
I understand why you chose them
but now you need to look at how
practical those choices are
for we will kill you soon
and you will only be left with
death and integrity
join us now
and have shame
and life
do we really want a
robotic spider that
quark has fucked following us or
fucked and killed? he'll be like our slimer
he'll like help us
are you implying that the ghostbusters fucked
slimer
look I don't know what happened that night
I wasn't involved with that
I just know that we angered this spider
it was a lot of misunderstanding
like we go through this universe Breffi
I'm talking to him
and we have random encounters
with monsters
we didn't craigslist this
come on
and some of those encounters have non-conflict resolutions
some of them don't appear to
and you know things
go off half cocked and I don't know people get hurt
and I'm saying to you
brother
with my
11 Charisma
and my
12 in decipher
script
I'm saying
I can read the script of
your face
and I decipher your feelings
I forgive you
do you forgive me
no
while he's been while this is
nice that you're doing this long conversation because I've been using this time to climb around to get into
prime fucking and killing position behind Breffi
in that order
oh yeah all right
okay
all right
how close am I is my turn
I don't know are you done
can I do something else
shocking grasp
despite being on his back
something about something
maybe it was just the long speech
to avoid your attack
you managed to miss touching him
or being on his back
all right
I guess I accept that
maybe you ran out of breath
how close am I to the chains
that he that Breffi is
hanging from
you're about five feet away pretty close
okay can I use a cleave and try to
get both of the chains
okay I take my mighty sword and do a cleave
are you guys still attached to him
this is a bad idea
everybody get off
I pour a vial
acid on my chain I have one of those
um shit
can I
release him into the lava with you guys attached to him
I mean
I have a wire saw I can go
I'm trying really hard
that would just release you into the lava earlier
am I
solely being suspended by the chain that he impaled me on
yeah you're not
yeah
you're like an ornament
I mean do it man
if he falls in the lava
as I'm about to do that I realize
that would be a terrible thing to do
so I
I go for cleave and try to get his remaining legs
you try to go for the cleave
on the remaining legs
you strike but one of them
dealing
Jesus Christ
17 damage
yeah
his leg is shorn completely off
and falls into the orange lava
so how many legs does he have now
I'm attached to him
yeah
can I can I can I try to make a grab for a chain
just his leg falls into the lava
just like he's right just the leg
okay all right and he has three
damaged legs that are still attached to his body
I mean no all only
one leg is gone
three are damaged okay the rest
are healthy legs
he I can assume he has the
the the proper ragnate eight legs
yeah okay just counting
in my head four
cool three not so cool ones gone
putting it at
Christopher Stern all right
I didn't realize I was suspended
solely on a chain like an ornament
yeah um
this stuff I want to get let me
I want to kind of get to it as a move action
can I like try to get on the chain
so I'm not solely suspended by him
you'd have to pull yourself up by this chain
okay let's let's try
let's do it trying to
do that you tug at
the chains but is in vain
you can't
you can't do it what's what's
beneath me well I might
a lot of shit try to swing yourself
swing yourself to it I mean
I can try swing I mean I kind of want to get this
chain off of me though I have
I think first thing first is
get yourself onto a chain that you can actually like
you want to be on like pitfall
over to one of those things let me see
if I can get some momentum on myself to get myself closer
one of those chains
all right you managed to swing yourself up
you're starting to get some momentum
but it's going to take another turn to actually
eat that high sounds good
you're getting you're getting going though it's pretty good
I'm really excited about how fast
it's like a it's like a metronome
or something great yeah
is that another metric system thing
no a metric no no
it's not bad I'm sorry
anyway
it's worth a try it was worth a try
putting it at breffy's turn
it was no aerodynamics
I mean you mean
it was no pun, but what is
anyway
you feel these metal spiders
all up in your back they're digging in deeper
and they're they're pulling in tighter and it's hurting
it's hurting and now
they're starting to heat up they're feeling
warm they're feeling hot
who are you talking to you got
to get all you got
the shiatsu like a hot
stone now like you're like you're sitting in a
in a nope
I just
it's more like a metal spider that is
dug upon your back is now not a sharper image
temperature
anyway as that happens
you see you see breffy
his eyes now they're glowing again they're
not glowing red though like the lasers they're glowing
green and you see crackling energy
develop on his skin
and it actually goes out and it arcs
enlightening arcs directly
at you and you feel all these lightings
going through your bodies
and they hit the spider
on your backs and you feel it just
light up white hot on your back
and it burns and it burns and your skin
is melting and the charred
metal spiders fall off as electrical
energy surges through your bodies
dealing
quark you take seven
Chris de Burgh takes eleven yeah I
didn't have a spider on me you didn't
that's true quark
you take zero
Chris de Burgh takes eleven
mole rain also takes eleven
dash
sharpie takes twelve I didn't have a spider
on me you you did
it's not going to work
it's not just that I'm trying to
try to jet I mind too expensive
I mean from my perspective
that's how it works well he was
he was right I mean I totally forgot
that I missed him well sorry
sorry Jeff I have
my arm load of winter maybe I can like
the spiders are all gone though now oh yeah so
that was kind of a like a good thing
and a bad thing at once the spiders are off
you but now they're you got well yeah it's
kind of like when a guy stabs you he no
longer has a knife
I'm dying you know I was over lining
there so I'm dying more
yeah but there's one less bullet
in his gun let's
let's let's let's knock this guy off his
chains putting it up more rain's turn
okay um
can I suit up
wait what
did you say suit up
okay no I I
thought you said can I suit up yeah yeah
I have a cloak of resistance
I'm just being prevented
for the next tiny little spiders well
you're already wearing that that's on your body
well I didn't know that it's a I'm
just telling you I am being
grateful for the information
so in that
case
I'm going to shoot two arrows
to one of the injured legs
three now
oh I'm sorry like I said I
can't listen to the podcast without feeling depressed
so
I shot three arrows
what's that
you fired three arrows
two of them strike true
woo
being a useful woman
I mean
a useful female character
dealing 16
damage
that was uh
that was very dynamic
with those arrows which you did there was a
very aerodynamic
yeah I applaud
that pun
I
thought that was funny and then I got it
yeah right
that's not how it works that's not how it works
you thought it was funny first yeah if you have to think
about it then it's still funny
that's how the saying goes right
yeah
like if someone tickles you if you think
about it there's no reason to laugh at that
Christopher
my turn um no no I'm sorry
Sharpie sir sorry Sharpie there's
both the AR sounds in both your names it's
like
character design 101
Sharpie knock him off those chains
all right
I'm on top of them oh
uh
I'm still swinging I'm gonna assume that uh
I'm at a shocking grass yeah
that's like three yeah
and I'm gonna assume that reduced person doesn't
work on a spider person correct
even though I knew him as a person that's true
it is reduced person
a physically reducing
size of a person yeah yeah
okay so so just do
do Uncle Dana favor just indulge me
for a second I was raised
in an era of video games
I can't picture what the hell's
going on right now we are in a room
that's filling with lava there's chains
hanging down in a sort of web
webbishness yeah
he breath he is now in
that webbishness yeah
and I'm on his back uh
what's his knuckle is like hanging
from yeah
like a like a shot out
from breathy yeah he shot
a chain out of his chest cavity and he's
hanging from another chain
or he's just he's swinging right now like trying
with the chain like this hurts so much but
I need to get another chain it really does
hanging from breathy yeah
yeah and I'm like a
I'm an ornament all right
an accessory I'm an invisible
I'm an invisible I'm an invisible
always saying as a chain
is swinging I'm here
you guys it's not just the chain
I swear
I know there's something really you're like
the invisible straps on the invisible
straps bra
I am kind of like a bra aren't I
wow
okay I'm sorry I started the pun thing
let's leave it
yeah well you have to deal with this now
I can't shrink
item on the chain in his chest and make it
small enough to come out of his chest yeah that would work
well I just fall right into the lava I'm going to rule
you can do all right if I cast
if I cast ray of frost
on the lava underneath underneath
Tyler can Tyler land on the
no you have this thing called the
staff of ice or something
that also has ice powers but it's
not a zero level spell
right right of
frost right of frost
if I do you think that if I use that on
the magma beneath his feet that it would turn it into
a kind of regular stone like
city and he could make ice cream on it
I want to do a camera take right now
who knows man
right of frost underneath
Christopher's feet
bringing you right of frost to bear you pull
the trigger it has a trigger
on it
why don't you snow
a seat
I'll use my
route of rewrites later
I'll throw it to a room
a cold blue cone of
emanating frosty energy
sprays into the lava and it
creates a thick hard shell
on the surface
yeah
you know how the dinosaurs died
it wasn't as most people
maintain a giant meteor that hit the earth
and cast enough dust into the sky to cause
the food chain to be disrupted
it was the ice age
you got there
I used to see it I used to seat you
I used to see
you
who said that we found it
well yeah but it's I mean come on
it literally is I used to see you thank you sir
that's great I used to see you
I used to
no I used to see you it's better Adam
we have a winner
it's not just a play of words it's like
actually I'm making
I used to see you there's no
second place come on it's great
that's fantastic
putting it at quark's turn
I used I take my mighty sword
and do a tack straight into a
breathy's face parts
you could cut the chain and I could fall into the ice to you
just
I want to kill this guy yeah because
we don't know how long the ice and the lava is going to last
there's still lava under there can melt at any moment
yeah it's not a support workshop for you
I mean I did my part you know
some of us are going to keep fighting the spider
listen I was having a bad day
and then I
got a better mind of it and I went wait
maybe this isn't such a great idea that I charge to him
and said why don't you throw a chain into me
oh you need to stop talking
my
callback mighty
sword attack on breathy striking
directly in his robot face
you deal but a mere nine
damage shit with my plus eleven
attack bonus I guess not
I thought it was plus six
eleven bro Jesus Christ
yeah broken dealing
14 damage yeah yeah
stay in the game Spencer I mean you have
the sheet that's true yeah
but you live with these sheets you take
them home I assume that you just like you have
wallpaper in your bathroom made up of these things
no I write the episode
while I'm driving to work I mean
driving driving to Harmontown
I never see these sheets
it's not true
all right so he's
14 damage oh yeah
okay putting it at
Christopher Stern who he last left
swinging invisibly on a chain
okay there's ice beneath me
I could try to cut the chain in fall
I used to seat you
we heard it the first time
sorry
uh my cold
I don't know
I'm gonna still try to grab a chain
fuck how long is it rather frost
keep you as Arnold Schwarzenegger
too long
I would still like to try to swing I guess swing a
grab a chain for the first part of my action
okay yeah that happens you grab onto
the chain at the crest of your swinging
this okay
do I have a free hand
you got one free okay
uh
I'd like to use
my wire saw I have a wire saw
here try to see if I can cut this chain
off of me okay
I since
all this stuff you've been doing is like takes
all these turns I'm just gonna tell you you could do
that but it'll take two turns do you want to start
or do you want to trace them else but I need to
get this chain off of me because they're gonna burn
off all's legs and they don't give a shit I just
thought it would be fair to warn you okay I just
give a shit by the way hey I'm gonna
be doing this thing don't kill me I'm invisible
don't don't thank you
you begin the noble work of
sawing away your chains
putting it at breffy's turn his head
continues to spin around in his eyes kind of
turn blue
he emits a brilliant flash of
blue lights and you guys all
feel a little weird
because we can tell how
ashamed of himself he is
that's the blue light of self
awareness
Christopher feels sick to his
stomach but continues his sawing
maneuvers the rest of you are
unaffected sweet putting it at
Mulraine's turn
well I
think I'm gonna do the thing I was
doing before which is
sorry second language
good Spanish
muy bueno
that was almost racist
not if you
say it
so I'm gonna shoot
three more arrows to another
like because somebody has to
actually try to get the spiders
that's true you
fire three arrows two of them
fall into the I guess they don't fall into
they hit the hard lava
crusty floor the other
one does however strike true hitting
him directly in the eye and dealing
eight damage nice
okay
you see his robot metal
eye shatter it stops glowing blue
yeah doing my job
putting it
sharpies turn
okay everybody let's
just take a step back
I'm
kind of busy right now
shopping
I
fuck
him
what does rod of the serpent do
fuck it it turns into a serpent
all right as impressive as that would
be right now it's fucking magic dude it's
it's kind of old testament I mean
there's a time and a place for the
rod of the serpent it's a more
subtle political atmosphere than this
no one's going to take notice
okay
look
hmm
suppose I use my rod of frost
on breffy's head just
wait sun rod how many
rods do I have I'm just walking around with like a
I just have a stack of
firewood and I
what's the sun rod do you remember
that's like a flashlight oh
okay
all right we'll hang on to that
all right there's
one more all right
I'm going to use
the rod of frost on breffy's
okay bringing to bear
your rod of frost you point it
at him and pull the trigger
several shards of
ice kind of fire out like
a like grape shot into his head
you snows you
lose
wow
you had a whole round to think of that
but I swear to God I just
thought of it now
I promise that
came across
what
he meets his chilling fate
let's not turn on each other
all right
okay look they cannot be
good they cannot be good we already had
one terrible frost pun we don't need more
always like ice puns that we get
we get stuck on well because there's a heavy
tradition of that with that movie
it's amazing that youtube clip of all of
Arnold's ice puns in a row
fantastic and you can't remember any of them
well there's the one about the
like you know the dinosaurs died
the ice age and it's like wait a
minute the only one
anyone remembers is ice to meet you like
do you remember any of it I don't remember any of the
one just chill out and
yeah
it wasn't an invitation
I'm sorry I said anything he said that
I'm detective Don Kimball
gentlemen
a cold meeting
is about to happen
all right what the fuck happened
I'm sorry
a lot of terrible
puns
it dealt 13 damage
yeah
ice to face head
and you see his other
eye kind of start to flicker
and go out and his head
starts to
twitches a bit like a person's
twitching might look
and then he begins to
fall into the drink
I'm not done starring yet
help
you're on his back still
that's why I jump
and I use the spell jump
nah you can't cast that but you can jump normal
style I jump normal style
okay
jumping off of him as he
falls he crashes to the
crusty lava floor
and he hits with a thump
and you see cracks begin
to appear in this lava floor
how long is this chain attaching him to
well as he falls you know you're
sighing viciously at this chain
and the impact combined
with all the sighing all this hard work
you've done causes the chain to snap
right at the point of sighing
success yeah it's all
convenient shit
is brefi alive or dead
he's not quite dead
but he's also not moving you see cracks
develop in the lava
floor and they get wider his lava
I think the, I think Quark is asking
is there a time for me how
how much time do I have
before this lava lava is
starting to consume them as we speak
you're gonna have to you're gonna have to
this rope
shit do I mean how bad do I want to fuck
brefi again
I'll throw you a rope this is risky
I have one hand on it
the chain's freedom
against everything I believe in
I tie a rope to myself
and I fasten it
to the chain and around my chest
and I swing down as I'm swinging
this is gonna be a hard combat maneuver
I unzip
I loosen
my pants and I try to give him a quick one
as I swing by
I
don't know I just I go down like mission impossible
like I got and I come down
the arms I stretch my
my boner for the go straight down
and I try to like
I try to like become like a spider
which is like it looks consumed
by passion your rope tying
skills aren't what they usually
are and as you
lower yourself in perfect
raping position
the rope slips
and you fall directly on to the corpse
of brefi okay fuck
him real fast
as he sigs into
the hot lava oh no
I jump back off
or do you fuck him real fast
shit
give me a second how fast are you
give me a second we need a number
somebody throw me a rope
I already offered to throw him a rope I
I have a free hand now let me throw him a rope I
do you have a rope
I have 150 feet of rope okay cool
I grab the rope and
I know this is important
can I throw in my button staff
that staff that has the button on it
that when you press the button it stays in place
okay
rope and button staff
coming at you quark I grab the
button staff it's got the button
I grab the button staff
and I hold on to it
and it's kind of like Indiana Jones when he's looking
at the idol or do I let the thing close
and he's going down
and I grab the button staff and I fuck
him real quick and I jump out of the staff
and
and shit I need a line
give me a line
look at me
I'm a lava not a fighter
I'm a lava
not a fighter
that's the best reaction you can hope for with a pun
I think
we only had the hots for that spider
yeah
that that that was appropriate
thank you guys
that's such a downer man
yeah okay so if I fuck him
and I jump back on I hold on to the rod
and the rope yeah and so he's now
does he go away into the lava I mean
touching the button on the
button staff you extend
the staff as it pierces through
the crusty lava layer and into
the molten lava
you don't know what's happening for a while
but then you feel yourself rising up
on the staff into the chains
you get into the chains
but then the staff
becomes hot in your hands too hot to touch
I grab a chain I grab a chain
you grab the chain as the staff
melts into molten
metal
sludge
before he even says anything
I give him a look that says
yeah
you did the right thing
as it drifts
under the lava
you just did what we were all thinking man
once bitten twice die
I fucked you twice
I shout up at the ceiling
you like that Admiral Darkstar
is that all you got
the camera pulls out
thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
thank you very much
thank you community fans
for coming tonight thank you for coming to Communicon
I hope you love season 5
thank you Lisa thank you Catherine
thank you Julieta thank you all
thank you for your
your wonderful help with the puns
one more time for Spencer Critten then everybody
I'm Jeff Davis your Comptroller
and again keep it going
for your mayor Mr. Dan Harmon
God bless you